{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red9\green9\blue9;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c3137\c3137\c3137;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17180\viewh11220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You are to create a main point related to the Algorithms course of one or two sentences, but no more than four sentences. \'a0The main point can be related to an algorithm we studied, a design strategy, a data structure, complexity theory, or anything that you found interesting from the course. However, the main point cannot come directly from the lecture notes.\cb4 \
\

\f1\b0 We studied how to write pseudo code, time complexity of each algorithms, Big O, Tree structures, sorting, Graphs, and how to use recursion and lastly P vs NP. These will be very helping in our future jobs. Previously I don\'92t have this knowledge and skills and now I am more confidents with this new skills and knowledge.
\f0\b \
\cb3 Second, you are to create an SCI (Science and Technology of Consciousness) point related to the main point that you created above (also not from the lecture notes/slides).\cb4 \
\

\f1\b0 Algorithm is step by step approach, same as SCI. Learning TM also same like algorithm we learn slowly step by step, and slowly we learn to become better as we practice. Algorithms was very dificult for me however with TM slowly I managed to learn the key skills from it.
\f0\b \
\cb3 Third, you are to write one to three paragraphs explaining the connection between the main point and the SCI point you created and to your experiences in meditation. \'a0\cb4 \

\f1\b0 Everything in life has hidden algorithm(steps) behind we just never think before, now we know this so we write steps for each tasks, same goes with meditation, we cannot achieve anything if we don\'92t perform certain steps and mind is not calm, so we need to meditate and then problems will be resolved easily. Meditation helped me to \cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 eliminate the stream of jumbled thoughts that may be crowding your mind and causing stress. Daily meditation practices helped reduce stress and helped to gain more focus during my studies. \
Meditation also helped to me to more Organised. Sometimes I miss meditation but come back to meditation, I make sure to relax and prioritise on my tasks. It helped enhance awareness in me, to cultivate a greater sense of clarity and mental resilience, enabling to navigate challenges with greater ease.\
With Meditation I found really helping when I am overwhelmed. So I focus on my breath and on the present moment. It helped me feel more positive regardless of all present moments and be more optimistic so I have more energy to be able to cope with challenges ahead.
\f0\b \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 \
}